Users Queries:

Patient:
1. - Display all Prescription(includeign lines) worte for a patient (using patient_id)
2. - for a given patient id and doctor name display all sessions that the patient had with the doctor
3. - for a given doctor id and day, display the schedule of that doctor
4. - for a given patiend id display all of his diagnostics
5. - for a given patient id show all sessions that had more than 1 line in the prescription
6. - for a given patient id show all sessions that had more than 1 diagnosis
7. - for a given patient id display all doctors info that had a session with that patient
8. - for a given patient id show all sessions that had an analysis
9. - for a given patient id count the number of sessions
10. - for a given patient id display the rooms he had sessions in
Doctor:
1. - for a given doctor id show all the prescriptions he wrote
2. - for a given doctor id show all his patients
3. - for a given doctor id display his manager info
4. - for a given doctor id show all sessions that had more than 1 line in prescription
5. - for a given doctor id count the number of session he had
6. - for a given doctor id display the medicines he prescibed
7. - for a given doctor id display the number of prescription he wrote
8. - for a given doctor id show the number of diagnostics he gave
9. - for a given doctor id show the session that had a diagnosis of diabetes 
10. - for a given doctor id display his schedule
Manager:
1. - display the doctor that diagnosed the youngest patient with diabetes
2. - Display all male Patient that older then 45 , sorted by dec age
3. - Display all female doctor in age btween 35 and 59 that , sorted by asc age   
4. - Display all doctor with more then 10 years of expirnce sorted by years of exp desc
5. - Display all the doctors aspsific last name
6. - Display all Prescription(includeign lines) worte by a aspsific doctor
7. - Display all Prescription that been given in a spasific day
8. - Display Doctor information who wrote the maximum diagnostics
9. - Display first name of all patients who had HGB > 16
10. - Display all Patient who ever hade asison in aspesific room

Log Tables:
1. Patient
2. Session
3. Doctor
4. Schedules
5. Medicine
6. Diagnosis